Update dFusionSpec.md (#13)
gnosis/dex-research: dFusion/dFusionSpec.md

The following specification uses the snark application (snapp) onchain scaling approach, in order to build a scalable fully decentralized exchange with decentralized order matching. 

> The scalability is enabled storing information only in hashes and allow snarks the manipulation of these hashes in predefined logic gates [[link](https://ethresear.ch/t/on-chain-scaling-to-potentially-500-tx-sec-through-mass-tx-validation/3477)].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The scalability is enabled by storing information only in hashes and allows snarks to manipulate these through predefined logic gates [[link](https://ethresear.ch/t/on-chain-scaling-to-potentially-500-tx-sec-through-mass-tx-validation/3477)].
```

If more than one solution is submitted within a certain amount of time after the batch closes, the one that generates the largest "trader surplus" (detailed explanation below, for now think "trading volume") is selected and executed.
For this, the "winner" has to post enough information about the solution on-chain, so that any participant can quickly check the validity of the solution.

Anyone can challenge a solution on-chain (while providing a bond and an alternative solution) within a certain time-period after posting.
Such disputes are resolved by verifying a zkSnark proof on-chain that checks if the provided solution fulfills a number of constraints (specified in detail below).
If the verification succeeds, the challenger loses their bond and the state is "finalized". 
If the verification fails the provided alternative state is assumed correct unless challenged within a certain time.

## State stored in the smart contract

For each account, we chain each of ERC20 token balance together and store them as pedersen hash (not merkleized) in the anchor smart contract.

> This "compressed" representation of all account balances is collision resistant and can thus be used  which will store all relevant information for this snapp exchange.

Reviewer: ... can thus be used <SOMETHING MISSING HERE> which will store all ...

The following diagram shows the state construction:

![State construction](./dFusion%20rootHash.png?raw=true "State construction")

To allow `K` to be small, a bi-map of an accounts public key (on-chain address) to its `accountIndex` will be stored in the anchor contract as well. 
Accounts will pay "rent" to occupy an active account. The account index can be used to locate a users token balances in the state.

> Furthermore, we store a bi-map of token address to its index `0 <= n <= N`, for each token that can be traded on the exchange.

Reviewer: This is picky, but we may want to consider using `T` for number of tokens and reserve `N` for something else?

As orders, deposits and withdrawl requests are collected they are not directly stored in the smart contract.
Doing so would require a `SSTORE` instruction which would be too gas-expensive.
Assuming an order can be encoded in 256 bits, storing a batch of 10.000 on chain would cost ~5M gas (5.000 gas for SSTORE * 10.000 orders).
Instead the smart contract emits a smart contract event containing the relevant order information (account, from_token, to_token, limit) and stores a rolling SHA hash.
For a new order, the rolling hash is computed by hashing the previous rolling hash with the current order.

// TODO: Pending withdrawels

## Batch Auction Workflow

The trading workflow consists of the following sequential processes:
0. Account opening, deposits & withdrawels
1. On-Chain order collection
2. Transition function from sha to Pedersen hashes (zkSnark)
3. Finding the batch price: optimization of batch trading surplus (offchain)
4. Verifying batch price and trade execution (zkSnark)
5. Processing of pending exits and deposits (zkSnark)
6. Restart with step 0

### Account opening, deposits & withdrawels

> // TODO

Reviewer: I suppose it wouldn't hurt for me to fill in as much of this in as possible before this is merged?

Reviewer 2: I would keep the deposit and exit descriptions separate from the trade description.
It does not necessarily belong together.
